- Can I touch your boobs for science?
- Yes.
- Okay, I've always
just been curious, gotta feel it.
Do you wanna feel mine?
For science.
- Oh, science.
- We're doing science right now.
(whimsical music)
Hello (laughs).
Hi!
I'm here to guess who
has what plastic surgery,
I believe is what I'm here for?
Oh my god, okay, so I
wanna get a nose job.
Get my nose fixed, I would
love to get a boob job,
and I would love to get my lips filled.
I was hoping you could get a leg job.
Break them and put a stilt in there
and make myself taller,
like in a heartbeat.
Totally would do it, I'd
do it all, I'd go crazy.
I'm ready, okay, first person.
- Hi, I'm John.
- Okay.
Hello, John.
- Nice to meet you.
- I'm gonna judge you now.
Let's see, we got little, no scars here.
Open up wide.
Okay, lift your tongue up.
What do you do for a living?
- I'm in healthcare.
- Okay, okay.
You could afford it, okay.
I'm gonna say he hasn't
had plastic surgery.
Is that right, am I right on this one?
- I haven't had any plastic
surgery, so to speak.
But I have had cosmetic surgery.
- Okay, what was it?
- I had the fat
from underneath my chin removed.
- Okay.
- I've had Botox.
- Wait, go like this.
Oh my gosh, you don't get
wrinkly on your forehead.
- Right.
- I should've asked for that.
- Thank you.
(people clap)
- Okay.
- Turn around for me.
Can I feel your spine?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay, can I touch
your boobs for science?
- Yes.
- Okay, I've always
just been curious, just gotta feel it.
Do you wanna feel mine?
For science.
- Oh, science.
- We're doing science right now.
Oh, yours feel pretty good,
just tell me mine feel good.
(woman laughs)
- Yours feel good,
you're good, you're good.
- Okay, I'm just gonna go with boob job.
- I got a boob job.
And I also had a vaginoplasty done.
- That's what I'm talking about.
What I'm talking about.
(both laugh)
- Four surgeries
since they're making
external stuff internal.
It's a lot of pre-work to
do, like called a chalsis.
Let's talk about permanent hair removal.
They like fry a hair
follicle one at a time
and like remove the dead hair.
So I did 50 hours with that, but--
- Wow.
- It's all good.
- Good for you though,
yeah, that's awesome!
Yeah, that sounds painful
though, I'm like (grunts).
- Hey, cutie.
- Okay, first thing is first.
Now, lift your eyebrows up, okay.
I don't think we, it doesn't look
like we have any reconstructive
surgery on the face.
I have a feeling you're one
of my no plastic surgeries.
Am I right?
No, no, I haven't gotten one (laughs).
- I actually had orthognathic jaw surgery.
So I have had facial reconstruction,
but I've also had my boobs done.
- Oh yeah, I think it's
good that I'm doing terrible
'cause that means the surgeons are doing
a really good job, right?
- Right, exactly.
- You're doing good,
surgeons, keep up the work.
- I like that, so thank you.
- Alright.
Hello, what's your name?
- I'm Curtis.
- Hello, Curtis.
- Nice to meet you.
- Okay, okay, turn around.
Alright.
- My butt (laughs).
- Can I touch it?
- Yeah.
- No, that just feels like a butt.
You clearly moisturize.
- Okay.
- Like a lot, like your skin is--
- Like I look greasy as fuck?
- No, like that's probably
like the best skin
I've ever seen in my life.
- Okay.
- Okay, you have had lip fillers.
Did I get it right?
- You did not.
- Are you a no plastic surgery?
- I have had no plastic surgery.
- See, I should've went with my instinct.
- Would you like your lips
to be a little bit bigger?
- Oh heck yeah.
- Like right now?
- Yeah.
- Do you wanna put
on some lip pumper?
- Oh my gosh.
Wait, is it FDA approved?
- Probably not.
- Okay.
- Try it, here.
- Okay, YOLO.
(Curtis laughs)
- Get ready for it.
- Feel like I just ate a jar of jalapenos.
- Like in a good way?
- Yeah.
I feel like I'm becoming more beautiful.
Wow, my lips are really burning!
(people laugh)
Wow!
When you kiss people, does
it like rub off on them?
- Yeah, lick your lips.
- No.
I'm not gonna lick my lips.
Who's next?
(people clap)
Do my lips look big?
- (laughs) Not yet.
- Okay.
I want you to wiggle your butt.
Oh man, that's a good butt, I don't know.
Can I touch that booty?
- Sure.
- This is a real butt.
This is a really nice, juicy butt.
The size of your butt, you
could've had your breasts
reduced, you had a breast reduction.
- Yes, and they put an implant too.
- Oh, and they put an implant,
so I got it half right.
And your butt, your butt's real, right?
- I did a tummy tuck.
- Oh, you did a tummy tuck.
- And Lipo, and they
transferred the fat to my butt.
- So it's still you.
- Yeah, it's still mine.
- It's still your butt,
like it came from you.
So that counts, okay.
- Yeah.
- Last question, do my
lips look bigger now?
- Not yet.
- Not yet?
I need more!
(man laughs)
This isn't working, okay.
- Thank you.
- Okay, no, thank you.
You better watch out who's
next 'cause I'm on a roll now.
(woman laughs)
Okay, wait a second.
Stick out your tongue, okay,
your tongue looks normal.
You might be the prettiest
person I've ever seen,
so like, I don't think you
should have plastic surgery.
- Should I get anything done?
- No, no.
Mommy and daddy did good.
Should I get anything, be honest with me?
It's okay.
- No.
I've had plastic surgery.
- So you had boobs,
but then, you removed them?
- Mhm.
- Oh wow, really?
- Girl, you didn't need
to, you are perfect!
I would've told you, "Girl,
you don't need that."
You look good.
- I know.
- Why'd you remove them though?
- Because I didn't feel
like I was myself anymore.
- Mm.
- It felt like everybody
was just like staring at your boob.
- I wouldn't mind if people
were staring at my boobs more.
I'd be like, dream come true!
- Do you know a lot about
what's gonna happen afterwards?
- No, I haven't--
- Outside of the surgery.
- No, I haven't like actually
looked into it in detail
because yeah, that would be awhile
before I could afford that, I think.
- So I can tell you that
I don't have any fillings
on like one-third of my breasts.
- Mhm.
- And some people
lose sensation on their nipples.
- Now, I'm like scared,
you're like scaring me.
Okay, well.
Maybe I won't get a boob job.
- Yeah.
- Maybe I won't, now, I'm scared.
Okay, girl.
Let's do this.
- Let's do it.
- Okay, okay.
I think your boobs are real.
Okay, turn around.
(whimsical music)
I don't know, this is a Nicki
Minaj butt, I don't know.
(woman laughs)
Okay, this is the biggest
booty I've ever seen
in real life, okay.
Oh, dude, is this a fake booty?
This is totally a fake booty.
- Why, why do you think that?
- Because it feels like one
of those really nice beds
that you bounce on, like a waterbed.
Shake it, shake it, shake it!
That's a Minaj booty,
that's fake, it's fake.
You got a fake booty.
- My butt's not fake.
- That's not a fake butt, no!
- No, that's not fake.
- No way, that's your real butt?
- Yeah.
- What is your diet?
I want that!
(people laugh)
- It's natural, you know,
you look at the thighs.
Like your thighs, do
they rub when you walk?
- Like if I, yeah, no.
- That must be nice.
My thighs rub until they bleed
if I don't put like a
body butter, Vaseline.
- Man, I can't believe that's real.
Shake it, shake it, shake
it, shake it, shake it,
shake it, shake it, shake it,
shake it, shake it, shake it.
That's a real butt, okay.
My last contestant, okay, let's see.
Lift up the shirt.
- Lift my shirt up?
- Is that okay?
- Yeah.
- Lift up the shirt.
- Okay, you don't have
any scarring there, okay.
I'm gonna go with you're another,
"I have had no plastic surgery."
(man laughs)
Was I right?
- No, I've had plastic surgery.
- No!
- And you even asked
me to lift my shirt up.
And you--
- I didn't see it?
- No.
- Okay, wait.
Lift up your shirt up
again, oh, right here?
- Yeah.
- Wait, what was your plastic surgery?
- I had a double mastectomy.
- Oh, I don't what that means.
- So I had like my breasts removed.
- Ow.
- Yeah.
- Why?
- 'Cause like I was born a female,
and then, I transitioned to a male.
- Oh really?
- Yeah.
- Congratulations, dude, that's awesome!
I had no clue, that's awesome, rad.
Are you gonna do bottom surgery?
- Yeah, I'm in the process right now,
but I have to have a hysterectomy first.
- That's so rad.
I got like one-third correct.
When I think of plastic surgery,
the first thing I think
of is like instant beauty.
I don't think of like
sex changes or removing,
removing your boobs right away.
I still can't believe that
that booty is real.
(people laugh)
I can't believe it.